What did you do when your parents were away, darming?
I managed okay at home alone, although I missed them.
What about you?
Well, I depend on my mother for so many things that I found it difficult.
I'm so bad at cooking that I burnt everything.
I was so hungry that I ate all the food my mother left on the first day.
Then what did you do?
Well, I went shopping.
I bought so much food that I could hardly carry at home.
Did you cook for yourself?
Yes, I did.
Although I already knew how to make some simple dishes, I called my grandmother for some advice.
What did you do when you burnt your food?
I added the student restaurant, but the food wasn't very good.